collection/Collection.md, before:

Hier kann man Links einbauen welche wir ggf. auswerten möchten:

### This file contains the audio features of each genre. The rows represent different genres, and the columns represent different audio features.

- https://www.kaggle.com/yamaerenay/spotify-dataset-19212020-160k-tracks?select=data_by_genres.csv

### This file contains the audio features of each artist, resulted from the aggregation. The rows represent different artists, columns represent different audio features

- https://www.kaggle.com/yamaerenay/spotify-dataset-19212020-160k-tracks?select=data_by_artist.csv

### This csv file contains the data mentioned in the description. Each row represents a single track, each column represents a field of the track (audio features and identifiers)

- https://www.kaggle.com/yamaerenay/spotify-dataset-19212020-160k-tracks?select=data.csv

### This data file contains the track data grouped by the year of release of each track, and allows time-series operations to be performed. Each row represents a single year, each column represents an audio feature. The bias of data is as minimal as possible.

- https://www.kaggle.com/yamaerenay/spotify-dataset-19212020-160k-tracks?select=data_by_year.csv

### This file is an extension to the "data_by_artist.csv" file with genres implementation for each artist. Each row represents a single artist, each column represents an audio feature.

- https://www.kaggle.com/yamaerenay/spotify-dataset-19212020-160k-tracks?select=data_w_genres.csv


test

Commit message:

fixed collection markdown file and added new descriptions

collection/Collection.md, after:

In this Markdown file, an analysis from different data collection (for Spotify) was copied separately and a new separate dataset (datase) was created here using this base.
The artists.csv file contains a filtered output of the individual artists from the dataset.csv file.

### Hier kann man Links einbauen welche wir ggf. auswerten möchten:

#### This file contains the audio features of each genre. The rows represent different genres, and the columns represent different audio features.

- https://www.kaggle.com/yamaerenay/spotify-dataset-19212020-160k-tracks?select=data_by_genres.csv

#### This file contains the audio features of each artist, resulted from the aggregation. The rows represent different artists, columns represent different audio features

- https://www.kaggle.com/yamaerenay/spotify-dataset-19212020-160k-tracks?select=data_by_artist.csv

#### This csv file contains the data mentioned in the description. Each row represents a single track, each column represents a field of the track (audio features and identifiers)

- https://www.kaggle.com/yamaerenay/spotify-dataset-19212020-160k-tracks?select=data.csv

#### This data file contains the track data grouped by the year of release of each track, and allows time-series operations to be performed. Each row represents a single year, each column represents an audio feature. The bias of data is as minimal as possible.

- https://www.kaggle.com/yamaerenay/spotify-dataset-19212020-160k-tracks?select=data_by_year.csv

#### This file is an extension to the "data_by_artist.csv" file with genres implementation for each artist. Each row represents a single artist, each column represents an audio feature.

- https://www.kaggle.com/yamaerenay/spotify-dataset-19212020-160k-tracks?select=data_w_genres.csv
